1436790/1438462: Part 32: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10486)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/samples/ajax-service-using-complex-types-sample.md

# AJAX Service Using Complex Types Sample
This sample demonstrates how to use Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) to create an ASP.NET Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX) service that creates instances of complex types and sends them between service and client as JavaScript Object Notation (JSON). You can access an AJAX service by using JavaScript code from a Web browser client. This sample builds on the [Basic AJAX Service](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/samples/basic-ajax-service.md) sample.  
  

>  AJAX support in WCF is optimized for use with ASP.NET AJAX through the <xref:System.Web.UI.ScriptManager> control. For an example of using WCF with ASP.NET AJAX, see the [AJAX Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/bb410780(v=vs.90)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 AJAX support in WCF is optimized for use with ASP.NET AJAX through the <xref:System.Web.UI.ScriptManager> control. For an example of using WCF with ASP.NET AJAX, see the [AJAX Samples](ajax.md).  
```
